improved icon of kubescape in readme (#690)
kubescape/kubescape: README.md

> <div align="center">
>     <img src="docs/kubescape.png" width="300" alt="logo">
> </div>

Reviewer: issue: logo is centered, but the badges aren’t

The badges look lonely that way. Let’s add a horizontal rule to visually separate the logo and anchor the badges to the rule.

```suggestion
<div align="center">
    <img src="docs/kubescape.png" width="300" alt="logo">
</div>

---

```

</br>

> ### Please Give a [⭐](https://github.com/kubescape/kubescape/stargazers) the repo inorder to show support 
> ### and if you want us to continue to develop and improve Kubescape 😀 .

Reviewer: issue: the heading splits in two, sentence should be grammatically improved

Let’s change it so the header stays put and make the sentence a bit more idiomatic.

```suggestion
### [Star ⭐](https://github.com/kubescape/kubescape/stargazers) the repo if you want us to continue developing and improving Kubescape 😀
```
